# GuesserApp

This is a PHP web app that I made for a [YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHn1wkeTbhY). It tries to guess what the user is thinking about by asking yes/no questions.

Demo: https://guesserapp.com

It is trained by the OpenAI API and requires a list of things (words) to be trained. A list can easily be generated by ChatGPT with the prompt:

```
create a comma separated list of 1000 common household items
```

You can change the prompt to be about other things, like celebrities or musicians etc. Note that this prompt will not work on the new "fast" ChatGPT but works with the legacy model. You might need to change the number of items to get ChatGPT to comply.

## Installation

First, you need to install the composer packages. Note that the external packages are only required for training the app (OpenAi and NlpTools).

```sh
composer install
```

Then you need to create the database structure from `database_structure.sql`

```
mysql> use yourdatabasename;
mysql> source /database_structure.sql;
```

Next, you need rename the `config.sample.php` to `config.php` and input your OpenAI API and database credentials.

Then you need to create a list of things to train and put them in `list.txt` (comma or newline separated)

Then you can run the `train.php` script which will train the app for your list of things. This will take around 6-10 seconds per thing. With 775 things the training cost was around $16 (although I had to run it multiple times in testing, so it cost me a total of $51)

Finally, you need to run the `similarity.php` script, which will combine duplicated questions in the database using NlpTools.

After that, you should be able to use the app! You can easily test it by running

```sh
php -S localhost:8080
```

and then going to http://localhost:8080 on your web browser.

## Support

If you want to help me pay OpenAI the $51 I owe them for training this app, you can do it here: https://buymeacoffee.com/unconv

I can send you the training data I generated for the app if you buy me a coffee 😁
